[TIME]: 0:00:11.165382
Randoop for Java version "4.3.2, local changes, branch master, commit df17bc8, 2023-01-08".

Will try to generate tests for 37 classes.
PUBLIC MEMBERS=295
Explorer = ForwardGenerator(steps: 0, null steps: 0, num_sequences_generated: 0;
    allSequences: 0, regresson seqs: 0, error seqs: 0=0=0, invalid seqs: 0, subsumed_sequences: 0, num_failed_output_test: 0;
    sideEffectFreeMethods: 1113, runtimePrimitivesSeen: 38)

Progress update: steps=1, test inputs generated=0, failing inputs=0      (2023-10-28T04:34:49.924845Z     31.3M used)Oct 27, 2023 11:34:52 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:52 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:52 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:52 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:52 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:53 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:53 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:53 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)
Caused by: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	... 18 more

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)
Caused by: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	... 18 more

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:54 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)
Caused by: org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	... 18 more

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:55 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:77)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor23.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor23.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:56 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:57 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:57 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.DispatchException
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor23.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:57 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:57 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)

Oct 27, 2023 11:34:57 PM org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServletRequest onError
WARNING: Error in SockJS request ReadListener
org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsException: hi!
	at jdk.internal.reflect.GeneratedConstructorAccessor14.newInstance(Unknown Source)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceWithCaller(Constructor.java:499)
	at java.base/java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:480)
	at randoop.util.ConstructorReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(ConstructorReflectionCode.java:51)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCodeUnThreaded(ReflectionExecutor.java:164)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionExecutor.executeReflectionCode(ReflectionExecutor.java:94)
	at randoop.operation.ConstructorCall.execute(ConstructorCall.java:180)
	at randoop.operation.TypedOperation.execute(TypedOperation.java:310)
	at randoop.sequence.Statement.execute(Statement.java:163)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.executeStatement(ExecutableSequence.java:416)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:308)
	at randoop.sequence.ExecutableSequence.execute(ExecutableSequence.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.ForwardGenerator.step(ForwardGenerator.java:237)
	at randoop.generation.AbstractGenerator.createAndClassifySequences(AbstractGenerator.java:321)
	at randoop.main.GenTests.handle(GenTests.java:515)
	at randoop.main.Main.nonStaticMain(Main.java:69)
	at randoop.main.Main.main(Main.java:31)


Progress update: steps=802, test inputs generated=504, failing inputs=1      (2023-10-28T04:34:57.302579Z     159M used)
Normal method executions: 192587
Exceptional method executions: 133

Average method execution time (normal termination):      0.000311
Average method execution time (exceptional termination): 0.360
Approximate memory usage 159M
Explorer = ForwardGenerator(steps: 802, null steps: 298, num_sequences_generated: 504;
    allSequences: 504, regresson seqs: 499, error seqs: 1=1=1, invalid seqs: 0, subsumed_sequences: 0, num_failed_output_test: 4;
    sideEffectFreeMethods: 1113, runtimePrimitivesSeen: 118)

Error-revealing test output:
Error-revealing test count: 1
Writing error-revealing JUnit tests...
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/randoop_tests/projectodd-sockjs-servlet/bd7a20c086564938bede250c5e66d4ff6e4dda87/alltests/ErrorTest0.java
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/randoop_tests/projectodd-sockjs-servlet/bd7a20c086564938bede250c5e66d4ff6e4dda87/alltests/ErrorTest.java
Wrote error-revealing JUnit tests.

About to look for failing assertions in 299 regression sequences.

Regression test output:
Regression test count: 299
Writing regression JUnit tests...
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/randoop_tests/projectodd-sockjs-servlet/bd7a20c086564938bede250c5e66d4ff6e4dda87/alltests/TestGroup100Case0.java
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/randoop_tests/projectodd-sockjs-servlet/bd7a20c086564938bede250c5e66d4ff6e4dda87/alltests/TestGroup100Case.java
Wrote regression JUnit tests.
About to look for flaky methods.

Flaky tests were generated. This means that your program contains
methods that are nondeterministic or depend on non-local state.
The following methods, in decreasing order of likelihood,
are the most likely to be the problem.
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServlet.getServer()
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.Utils.uuid()
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsServer.emitConnection(org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsServer.clearTimeout(java.util.concurrent.ScheduledFuture)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection.write(java.lang.String)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection.toString()
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection.onClose(org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection.OnCloseHandler)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsConnection.end(java.lang.String)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsServer.dispatch(org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsRequest,org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsResponse)
  Possibly flaky:  org.projectodd.sockjs.servlet.SockJsServlet.setServer(org.projectodd.sockjs.SockJsServer)
To prevent the generation of flaky tests, see section 'Randoop generated flaky tests'
 at https://randoop.github.io/randoop/manual/#flaky-tests .


Invalid tests generated: 0
