[TIME]: 0:00:11.385361
Randoop for Java version "4.3.2, local changes, branch master, commit df17bc8, 2023-01-08".

Will try to generate tests for 10 classes.
PUBLIC MEMBERS=70
Explorer = ForwardGenerator(steps: 0, null steps: 0, num_sequences_generated: 0;
    allSequences: 0, regresson seqs: 0, error seqs: 0=0=0, invalid seqs: 0, subsumed_sequences: 0, num_failed_output_test: 0;
    sideEffectFreeMethods: 1115, runtimePrimitivesSeen: 38)

Progress update: steps=1, test inputs generated=0, failing inputs=0      (2023-11-20T09:12:54.118Z     46.3M used)java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)
java.util.logging.ErrorManager: 0: Unexpected error sending GELF message to Graylog
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.util.logging.Handler.isLoggable(Handler.java:294)
	at es.arcadiaconsulting.graylog2.jboss.Graylog2Handler.publish(Graylog2Handler.java:76)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor6.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at randoop.util.MethodReflectionCode.runReflectionCodeRaw(MethodReflectionCode.java:53)
	at randoop.util.ReflectionCode.runReflectionCode(ReflectionCode.java:63)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.executeReflectionCode(RunnerThread.java:49)
	at randoop.util.RunnerThread.run(RunnerThread.java:43)

Progress update: steps=559, test inputs generated=501, failing inputs=0      (2023-11-20T09:13:02.935Z     303M used)
Normal method executions: 122950
Exceptional method executions: 83

Average method execution time (normal termination):      0.0370
Average method execution time (exceptional termination): 0.229
Approximate memory usage 303M
Explorer = ForwardGenerator(steps: 559, null steps: 58, num_sequences_generated: 501;
    allSequences: 501, regresson seqs: 500, error seqs: 0=0=0, invalid seqs: 0, subsumed_sequences: 0, num_failed_output_test: 1;
    sideEffectFreeMethods: 1115, runtimePrimitivesSeen: 54)

No error-revealing tests to output.

About to look for failing assertions in 281 regression sequences.

Regression test output:
Regression test count: 281
Writing regression JUnit tests...
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/GitHub/generated-flaky-study/randoop_tests/ArcadiaConsulting-jboss-logging-gelf/2e43040d4bcc71097815de3dba4655c46e36306a/alltests/TestGroup100Case0.java
Created file /Users/yhcrown/Documents/GitHub/generated-flaky-study/randoop_tests/ArcadiaConsulting-jboss-logging-gelf/2e43040d4bcc71097815de3dba4655c46e36306a/alltests/TestGroup100Case.java
Wrote regression JUnit tests.
About to look for flaky methods.

Invalid tests generated: 0
